docs: minor readme/changelog changes (#3098)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/README.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| `elements` | [ExcalidrawElement[]](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/element/types.ts#L78) | The elements with which Excalidraw should be mounted. |
| `appState` | [AppState](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/types.ts#L37) | The App state with which Excalidraw should be mounted. |

> | `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrollX` and `initialData.appState.scrollY` so it scrolls to center correctly |

Reviewer: Actually, this makes me realize the API is named wrong. It doesn't scroll to scene center, but instead centers to nearest elements. That's why we need `appState.scrollX/Y`.

So we should either rename to `scrollToContent`, or make the function really scroll to center (whatever that means in our case), in which case we should disregard the `appState.scrollX/Y`.

We should make `appState.scrollX/Y` optional in even the former case.

Author: @dwelle as per the current API lets keep it `scrollToCenter` and we can update it in next version. For now i can update the description that it will scroll nearrest element to center. Same we should also change the ref method its also `setScrollToCenter`

> | `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrollX` and `initialData.appState.scrollY` so it scrolls to center correctly |

Author: ```suggestion
| `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrollX` and `initialData.appState.scrollY` so it scrolls the nearest elemennt to center correctly |
```

> | `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrollX` and `initialData.appState.scrollY` so it scrolls the nearest element to center correctly |

Author: ```suggestion
| `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the nearest element to center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrolls and `initialData.appState.scrollY` when you `scrollToCenter` is false so that scroll positions are retained |
```

> | `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrollX` and `initialData.appState.scrollY` so it scrolls the nearest element to center correctly |

Author: ```suggestion
| `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the nearest element to center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrolls and `initialData.appState.scrollY` when you `scrollToCenter` is false so that scroll positions are retained |
```

> | `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the nearest element to center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll the nearest element to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrollX` and `initialData.appState.scrollY`when `scrollToCenter` is false so that scroll positions are retained |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `scrollToCenter` | boolean | This attribute implies whether to scroll to the nearest element to center once Excalidraw is mounted. By default, it will not scroll the nearest element to the center. Make sure you pass `initialData.appState.scrollX` and `initialData.appState.scrollY` when `scrollToCenter` is false so that scroll positions are retained |
```
